PARQUET-758: Add Float16/Half-float logical type (#184)
apache/parquet-format: LogicalTypes.md

To support compatibility with older readers, implementations of parquet-format should
write `DecimalType` precision and scale into the corresponding SchemaElement field in metadata.

### FLOAT16

The `FLOAT16` annotation represents half-precision floating-point numbers in the 2-byte IEEE little-endian format.

Used in contexts where precision is traded off for smaller footprint and potentially better performance.

The primitive type is a 2-byte fixed length binary.

> The sort order for `FLOAT16` is signed (with special handling of NANs and signed zeros); it uses the same [logic](https://github.com/apache/parquet-format#sort-order) as `FLOAT32` and `FLOAT64`.

Reviewer: The related primitive types are called `FLOAT` and `DOUBLE`. `FLOAT32` and `FLOAT64` are unknown types for Parquet.

To support compatibility with older readers, implementations of parquet-format should
write `DecimalType` precision and scale into the corresponding SchemaElement field in metadata.

> ### Half-precision floating-point
> 
> Also known as `float16`. Used in contexts where precision is traded off for performance and efficient storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### FLOAT16

The `FLOAT16` annotation represents IEEE 16-bit half-precision floating-point numbers .
Used in contexts where precision is traded off for smaller footprint and potentially better performance.
```

> It is stored as a two-byte fixed-length binary, following the 16-bit IEEE standards:
> 
> * 1 sign bit
> * 5 bits exponent
> * 10 bits mantissa/significand
> 
> sign (mantissa) * 10^exponent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The primitive type is a 2-byte fixed length binary.
```
